[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114253)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-network-namespaces.adoc

//
// * security/container_security/security-network.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="security-network-namespaces_{context}"]
= Using network namespaces

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title} uses software-defined networking (SDN) to give a unified cluster network that enables communication between containers across the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use software-defined networking (SDN) in {product-title} to give a unified cluster network that enables communication between containers across the cluster.
```
